In the previous lesson, you learned about
the motion model and how to implement it in C++.
Now I go back to the math and I will finalize the base filter.
As a reminder, you see here again the target function with the motion model,
the observation model, and our normalizer.
We now learn more about the observation model.
The observation model describes the probability distribution of the observations set, T,
given the state, x_t,
our previous observations or controls, and the map.
You can also represent a relationship as a diagram or graph,
x_t is unknown and points to z_t,
as well as all other values like the controls,
the map, and the previous observations.
Now my question is,
could you simplify the observation model using
one of the previous mentioned strategies or assumptions?